README.md, before:

# README Generator
by Gregory Williams </br>
![Github MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)
## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Repository and demo](#repository-and-demo)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [Questions](#questions)
* [License](#license)

## Description
This README generator will help developers to save time and get the opporutunity to focus on writing code for their projects. The generator can recieve input from the command line, and after which, with the help of the inquirer module, produces a professional README.
## Repository and demo
* [README.md repository](https://github.com/GregNasir/readme-generator)
* <video src="https://github.com/GregNasir/readme-generator/assets/63434657/5308a2f3-170c-43fc-87eb-95516b58694c"/> 



* <video src="https://github.com/GregNasir/readme-generator/assets/63434657/bc7a2a15-ffc0-4400-bbf0-32a1b0da6f50"/>


## Installation
After accessing the repositry for this procect, and cloning the code, a developer will be able to use their command line to quickly produce a proferssional README by following the prompts and entering information requested.
## Usage
JavaScript and node.js, along with the module extentions available.
## Contributing
undefined
## Tests
undefined
## Credits
* Columbia Engineering Bootcamp resources
* [w3schools website](https://w3schools.com/)
* [shield.io](https://shields.io/)
## Questions
* GitHub: (https://github.com/GregNasir)
* Email: Gregory Williams

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

to save final version of README Generator

README.md, after:

# README Generator
by Gregory Williams </br>
![Github MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)
## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Repository and demo](#repository-and-demo)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [Questions](#questions)
* [License](#license)

## Description
This README generator will help developers to save time and get the opporutunity to focus on writing code for their projects. The generator can recieve input from the command line, and after which, with the help of the inquirer module, produces a professional README.
## Repository and demo
* [README.md repository](https://github.com/GregNasir/readme-generator)
* <video src="https://github.com/GregNasir/readme-generator/assets/63434657/5308a2f3-170c-43fc-87eb-95516b58694c"/> 



* <video src="https://github.com/GregNasir/readme-generator/assets/63434657/bc7a2a15-ffc0-4400-bbf0-32a1b0da6f50"/>


## Installation
After accessing the repositry for this procect, and cloning the code, a developer will be able to use their command line to quickly produce a proferssional README by following the prompts and entering information requested.
## Usage
JavaScript and node.js, along with the module extentions available were used to create, this professional README generator
## Contributing
n/a
## Tests
npm tests
## Credits
* Columbia Engineering Bootcamp resources
* [w3schools website](https://w3schools.com/)
* [shield.io](https://shields.io/)
## Questions
* GitHub: (https://github.com/GregNasir)
* Email: Gregory Williams

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
